fails:Kernel#sleep returns the rounded number of seconds asleep
fails:Kernel#sleep raises a TypeError when passed a non-numeric duration
fails:Kernel#sleep pauses execution indefinitely if not given a duration
fails:Kernel#sleep returns the rounded number of seconds asleep
fails:Kernel#sleep raises a TypeError when passed a non-numeric duration
fails:Kernel#sleep pauses execution indefinitely if not given a duration
fails:Kernel#sleep returns the rounded number of seconds asleep
fails:Kernel#sleep raises a TypeError when passed a non-numeric duration
fails:Kernel#sleep pauses execution indefinitely if not given a duration
fail:Kernel#sleep returns the rounded number of seconds asleep
fail:Kernel#sleep raises a TypeError when passed a non-numeric duration
fail:Kernel#sleep pauses execution indefinitely if not given a duration
fail:Kernel#sleep returns the rounded number of seconds asleep
fail:Kernel#sleep raises a TypeError when passed a non-numeric duration
fail:Kernel#sleep pauses execution indefinitely if not given a duration
fail:Kernel#sleep returns the rounded number of seconds asleep
fail:Kernel#sleep raises a TypeError when passed a non-numeric duration
fail:Kernel#sleep pauses execution indefinitely if not given a duration
fail:Kernel#sleep returns the rounded number of seconds asleep
fail:Kernel#sleep raises a TypeError when passed a non-numeric duration
fail:Kernel#sleep pauses execution indefinitely if not given a duration
fails:Kernel#sleep returns the rounded number of seconds asleep
fails:Kernel#sleep raises a TypeError when passed a non-numeric duration
fails:Kernel#sleep pauses execution indefinitely if not given a duration
fails:Kernel#sleep returns the rounded number of seconds asleep
fails:Kernel#sleep raises a TypeError when passed a non-numeric duration
fails:Kernel#sleep pauses execution indefinitely if not given a duration
critical:Kernel#sleep pauses execution indefinitely if not given a duration
